everyone has secrets
you'll never believe who I met online
knows how to keep them and why have no
idea
threatened to go to my wife bad for me
it's great she's missing
oh my god no it's up to one reporter I
saw green of Phoenix code she wanted me
to chase down hair almost the biggest ad
agency everybody has secrets they met
online and had one hell of a weekend and
find the truth this guy might be gonna
be I got a new bracelet email account I
think I found it
the perfect stranger
in the chest
her name is Katherine Pogue the boss is
kind of hot married he had a couple of
interoffice flings paid a lot of money
to make them go away the counselor nice
dress nice party so never speak for mr.
Hale directly she made him cook for me
my husband stole my meeting take a
closer look into his account this guy's
definitely hiding something
I'm so disappointed he is wrong
you smile
secrets are great you have any idea what
the word loyal means I bet your wife is
wondering the same